chiens taille poids velocite intellig affect agress fonction
beauceron T++ P+ V++ I+ Af+ Ag+ Utilite
basset T- P- V- I- Af- Ag+ Chasse
ber_allem T++ P+ V++ I++ Af+ Ag+ Utilite
boxer T+ P+ V+ I+ Af+ Ag+ Compagnie
bull-dog T- P- V- I+ Af+ Ag- Compagnie
bull-mass T++ P++ V- I++ Af- Ag+ Utilite
caniche T- P- V+ I++ Af+ Ag- Compagnie
chihuahua T- P- V- I- Af+ Ag- Compagnie
cocker T+ P- V- I+ Af+ Ag+ Compagnie
colley T++ P+ V++ I+ Af+ Ag- Compagnie
dalmatien T+ P+ V+ I+ Af+ Ag- Compagnie
dobermann T++ P+ V++ I++ Af- Ag+ Utilite
dogue_all T++ P++ V++ I- Af- Ag+ Utilite
epagn_bre T+ P+ V+ I++ Af+ Ag- Chasse
epagn_fra T++ P+ V+ I+ Af- Ag- Chasse
fox_hound T++ P+ V++ I- Af- Ag+ Chasse
fox_terri T- P- V+ I+ Af+ Ag+ Compagnie
grand_ble T++ P+ V+ I- Af- Ag+ Chasse
labrador T+ P+ V+ I+ Af+ Ag- Chasse
levrier T++ P+ V++ I- Af- Ag- Chasse
mastiff T++ P++ V- I- Af- Ag+ Utilite
pekinois T- P- V- I- Af+ Ag- Compagnie
pointer T++ P+ V++ I++ Af- Ag- Chasse
saint_ber T++ P++ V- I+ Af- Ag+ Utilite
setter T++ P+ V++ I+ Af- Ag- Chasse
teckel T- P- V- I+ Af+ Ag- Compagnie
terre_neu T++ P++ V- I+ Af- Ag- Utilite